IRONMAN: It Seems like a thousand years ago
I fought my way out of that cave...
Became Ironman.
Realized I loved you.
I know I said no more surprises, but I was
really hoping to pull off one last one.
PEGGY CARTOR: The world has changed.
None of us can go back.
All we can do is our best.
And sometimes the best we can do.
is to start over.
THOR: I saw all these people die.
STEVE ROGERS: I keep telling everybody they should move on...
some do... but not us.
NATASHA ROMANOFF: Even if there's a... Small chance.
We owe this.
to everyone who's not in this room to try...
STEVE ROGERS: We will
whatever it takes. .
NEBULA: Aaaaahhhh!
CLINT BARTON: Whatever it takes.
THOR: I like this one.